What!
You tricked my sister out
Say who made you do this
What are you doing? This is my sister's boyfriend. I've seen it before.
Besides, the law and order is so good now
Will you stop fussing?
Are you persecuted delusional?
What's wrong with my sister?
I take you as the problem
Ouyang Feilong, have you made enough trouble?
What are you capable of bullying a child?
Madam, this man is a suspect
Come and tell my sister what happened.
They took my family
Threatening me to let Ouyang Hong out
I can't help it.
That's all I had to do.
Your sister is so nice to you, you really hurt him.
I don't want to.
I really don't want to.
But if I don't, I'll die.
Is it this person?
I recognize him even when he turns to ashes
He poisoned my parents
If I can't do it in two hours
He killed my parents suddenly
Please save my parents
old seven